You guys, you're going to be starting off navigating between the pages, using the click lessons.
Now, before we get started, if you're not able to get some of this all started or maybe you're facing
some issues, what I would suggest to you is users 11.1 for database and continue along with the project
navigation set up.
So I've already copied this into the 11.2 folder and I'm going to be doing all the future development
in this 11.2 folder.
All right.
With that said, let's just switch over to a browser and see what we have done so far.
Now that we've got all the other routes set up in the main application, we're going to be seeing how
we can click on any of this movie tiles and get navigated to the details page.
So for that, let's go back to our code and make some changes.
Now we are going to be making the changes in the homepage application.
So that's right here.
And if I just open up the CAC and within this we have the components and then we have the home content
dot gsx.
All right.
So if you just open up this and let's see how the ClickList now works here.
Now you can see that we are having the quick booking component here.
So that's the component that we see on top the header.
And within that, we have all this movie cards.
So if I just check out how the movie cards are being loaded.
So in this, we are calling the suspense block.
And in this we have this render movie list.
So render movie list is a function which renders all this movie cards.
So as you can see or hear, the individual movie cards are being called right here.
So on the top of this, there's a div and already a click listener has been added to this so that the
movie clicked and we are passing in the item that was clicked.
Now, for example, if I just try to do a console dot blog and see what is the item that is being clicked.
So let's say console dart, log item.
Now in here I can just go back to my browser, give it a refresh is right click and just click on any
of the items.
So if you go to the console and click on any item here, you can see that the item which was clicked
has been returned.
So we got the ID, the name, the module and the description of this particular movie.
Okay.
So that party's already been set up for us.
Now we can also see that we are passing in a callback.
So if you see over here, we're are checking if the property has a attribute called as movie clip.
And if it does contain it, we are going to be calling that as a function.
So this is basically how the callback has been set up.
Now, in this case, let's see where we are calling this home content.
Now, if you remember, we are calling this home content application in our main application.
So that's in the movie app.
So in the movie app, if I go to the SRT and open up the app Dodgers in this we have the homepage.
So home page is nothing but the home content.
I've just named it home page where instead of home contents, that's not really a problem.
What we can do over here next is we can implement that click listener.
So as you remember, we had this property called the movie clip.
So I can just copy this movie clip and add it as an attribute here.
So let's call that movie clip equals to a function called As Movie Clicked.
So let's just keep the same name.
Now in here, we're going to be defining that function.
So as a concert movie clip equals to a function.
I'm using arrow function here.
Now in here I can just do a consolidated log once again just to make sure that our function is actually
being executed.
And in this, if I just see movie, so that's being returned from here.
So we can see that another movie is being written from here.
So if I just consolidate log and then, you know, let's print out the movie and let's just give it
a name here.
So the movie clip is comma and then the movie name.
So let's just save that and try to make sure that things are working.
Let's give it a refresh here, the console and just click on another item.
Now we can see that we have the callback getting called.
So this is really interesting.
So we're passing the callback from the home page application to our movie application.
So this is the log that is getting printed from a home page application and the one over here is getting
printed from our main application.
So that's pretty cool.
We got our chain to be working properly.
Now we just have to do a small thing for doing the navigation.
So what we need to do here is we need to be using the react rotor dom for doing the navigation.
So how does that work?
So we already have the react rotor dom imported here.
So we're going to be adding another import.
It's called as use history.
Now in our main app, we can initialize this, we can say convert history equals to.
Use history, and that's going to be initialized.
Now, once we have that initialized, we can just the history dot push and then we can pass in the route
that we want to be pushing in and are details throughout.
Oh, let me just name that properly details.
So as soon as we click on that, it's going to be calling the callback and the callback is going to
be navigating to all the set out details throughout and in return, our route of details page is going
to be rendered awesome.
So that looks great.
Let me just save that.
Go back to our browser.
Let's close this off and give it a refresh.
Now, if I just click on any of the items, we are related to the new page.
So this is how we're going to be doing the navigation, using the callback.
Now, just to give a revision on this, if I just go back to the diagram that we've implemented, we
had this main container or the main movie card which was there in our homepage application and on clicking
this we sent a callback to our movie application and the movie application in turn called History API
and did a push of the new out.
And that's how we are seeing the details.
PAGE All right.
So that looks pretty good.
Now we just need to make additional changes here.
So as you can see right now, we do not see exactly on which movie we clicked on.
So let's just take a short break and just fix up this page.